High-order solution transfer between curved triangular meshes

This paper presents a L2 Galerkin projection method for a globally
conservative transfer of solutions between two higher-order curvilinear
triangular meshes. The authors use Bezier curves to represent the curved
edges of the meshes. Their procedure consists of three steps:

1. Finding candidate source cells that potentially intersect each target mesh
   This is done by a brute force search for the first pair and then a walking
   algorithm to find candidates for the rest of the target triangles. They
   say their method is O(N_d + N_t) which is better than what would be obtained
   by a tree search - O(N_t*log(N_d)) for sufficiently large meshes depending
   on the constants.
2. Computing the domains of intersection between the Bezier triangles
   This procedure detailed is the Appendix A.1/A.2. First they use a
   subdivision of Bezier curves to localize intervals in which intersection of
   each pair of lies. They then use Newtwon's method to find the actual point
   of intersection which they point out has trouble for nearly tangential
   cases. No particular fall back solution is offered for cases where Newton's
   method has trouble.
3. Computing the matrices required to solve for the target field
   This involves integrating of weak forms of the integrals over the
   intersection domains of the donor and target triangles. This is done by
   transforming the area integrals into integrals over the curved edges of the
   intersection domains.

The authors present convergence results for three fields with meshes
of different order on a square and circular domain. The results show
faithful reproduction of the expected order of convergence. Of course
the weakness of the method is the computation of the intersection of
domains which is prone to convergence issues. The second weakness is
the difficulty in extending the technique to 3D.

The paper is definitely one of a handful to tackle the difficult topic
of remapping between higher order meshes. Notably, the authors have
omitted to mention the work of Anderson, Dobrev, Kolev and Rieben on
"Monotonicity oin High-Order Curviliniear Finite Element ALE Remap."
It is certainly an important topic, one that has constrained the use
of High-order elements for ALE simulations.

The paper is generally well written and presents a clear mathematical
description of the methods used. Only the introduction is a little
meandering and at times repeats itself - this could use some
tightening up.

Suggestions for improvement:
1. Incorporate A.1 and A.2 into main text. These are essential parts of the
   procedure and there is no good reason to relegate them to the Appendix.
2. Present results of remap against two different meshes of domains in addition
   to convergence results for nested refinement. Some metrics could be
   conservation error, and L2 norm of the approximation error.
3. Some discussion of bounds preservation or monotonicity of the solution
   should be incorporated (important for non-physical solutions)
4. Suggest reasonable fall-back strategies for when the intersection solution
   runs into trouble.
