Summary:

The authors develop a methodology for mapping/interpolating data from a given
"donor" mesh to a given "target" mesh (with different topologies/geometries).
The proposed method is valid for 2D triangular meshes of high-polynomial
degree and for scalar fields approximated with DG basis functions of
high-polynomial degree. Such a technique is quite useful for many applications
including code-to-code coupling of solution data between different
computational meshes, embedded meshing methods and remapping methods in
arbitrary Lagrangian-Eulerian approaches. The proposed method is conservative
by design and makes use of novel techniques based on Bezier-curves and general
integration over curved polygons. While limited in its scope (e.g., 2D,
triangular topologies, scalar fields), the proposed method is both novel and
impressive. The paper is well written and clearly explains all of its
concepts / methodologies.

Detailed Comments:

If this technique were to be used in ALE codes for the remapping phase, there
must be some additional work done to handle the case of spatially discontinuous
fields. In ALE hydrodynamics, material contacts/interfaces can be captured
exactly during the Lagrangian phase by aligning the computational mesh with
the material discontinuity. During the ALE remap phase, this discontinuity
must be handled without violating local bounds (i.e. introducing new local
extremum / oscillations). For remapping methods which are based on solving a
transport (advection) equation from the old (or donor) to the new (or target)
mesh, this is typically handled using flux-corrected transport methods which
blend monotone 1st order methods with high order methods in a non-linear way.
One possible approach for handling this in the author's proposed method is to
use a type of limited FCT based L2 projection for calculating the overlap
integrals as proposed in [1]. In this technique, element-wise L2 projection
can be done that is guaranteed monotone even for discontinuous functions
provided a well-known monotone low order element-based solution can be found.

The graphic depiction of figure 1.1 is useful, but it could benefit from having
different colors/ markers to designate the particles associated with the
initial element for each of the time slices in the top row. For example, in the
second column, top row of the figure, the points associated with t = 0.5 should
have a different color or marker than the ones associated with t=0.0.

I believe the brute force search that is used in section 3.3 could be further
improved by using a binning technique which makes use of a "spatial
acceleration data structure" (see for example [2]).

In the numerical experiments, it is not clear from Figure 4.1 that any of the
donor/target meshes had high-degree polynomial curvature for either the
exterior or interior elements - was this the case? If so, I believe an image
illustrating the curvature of both the donor/target meshes would be useful to
show.

I would be very curious to see if the authors are able to extend this technique
to 3D meshes as well as quadrilateral / hexahedral element topologies of
arbitrary polynomial degree. It would also be interesting to learn if such a
technique could be used for remapping vector valued field in the spaces H1^d,
HCurl and HDiv. For the HDiv and HCurl case, the notion of conservation imposes
additional constraints (e.g. preservation of divergence/curl) which might
require new techniques in this geometric based remapping approach.

References:

[1] High-Order Multi-Material ALE Hydrodynamics, Robert W. Anderson,
    Veselin A. Dobrev, Tzanio V. Kolev, Robert N. Rieben, and
    Vladimir Z. Tomov, SIAM Journal on Scientific Computing 2018 40:1, B32-B58

[2] Weiss, Kenneth et al. "Spatially accelerated shape embedding in
    multimaterial simulations." (2016).
